The previous Replit session stopped because of the usage limit before finishing the implementation.

Before making any changes:

Read the commit ORDER STRATEGY ADMIN + SUPPLIER.
Open and read the original prompt stored inside that commit.
Review every file modified by that implementation.

Your job is not to restart the feature.

Your job is to compare:

the original specification
the current implementation

and then complete only what is still missing.

What I want you to do
Read the original prompt completely.
Scan every file modified in the commit.
Compare the implementation against the original requirements.
Detect everything already completed.
Detect everything still missing, incomplete, broken, or partially implemented.
Continue implementing only the remaining work.
Do not duplicate logic.
Do not replace working implementations.
Reuse all existing APIs, components, routes, hooks, database models, and realtime events.

Do not generate an audit report.

Do not stop after analysis.

Immediately execute the remaining work until the original specification is fully completed.

Additional corrections (must also be implemented)

While reviewing the implementation, I noticed these issues that must also be corrected.

1. Admin must NOT manage Order Status

Currently the Admin can change the status of Orders.

This is not the intended workflow.

The Admin should have a read-only view of the Order lifecycle.

The Admin can:

view Orders
search Orders
filter Orders
inspect Order Details
delete Orders (see below)

The Admin must not be able to:

confirm Orders
reject Orders
prepare Orders
mark Orders as ready
mark Orders as shipped
mark Orders as delivered
update any Order status

Order status management must remain Supplier-only according to the existing Order workflow.

Remove any Admin capability that updates Order status while keeping the rest of the Admin Orders page unchanged.

2. Admin Order deletion must be synchronized

Currently the Admin can delete an Order, but the deletion is not synchronized across the application.

Deleting an Order from the Admin must completely remove the Order everywhere.

This includes synchronization with:

Coffee Owner
Supplier
SubOrders
Order Items
Packs inside Orders
Delivery
Returns (when applicable)
realtime/WebSocket updates

After deletion:

The Order must disappear immediately from:

Admin
Coffee Owner
Supplier
Delivery

without requiring a page refresh.

No orphaned SubOrders or OrderItems should remain.

No orphaned realtime state should remain.

Database integrity must remain consistent.

Keep everything else unchanged

Do not redesign anything.

Do not modify the existing UI unless required by the missing functionality.

Do not break:

Order → SubOrder synchronization
Delivery synchronization
Returns synchronization
Scheduling
Priorities
Reorder
WebSocket synchronization
Existing APIs
Existing database structure
Existing permissions (except the Admin status update correction described above)

Reuse existing components wherever possible.

Final verification

Before considering the implementation complete, verify that:

every requirement from the original prompt has been implemented,
the additional corrections above are completed,
Coffee Owner, Supplier, Admin, and Delivery remain fully synchronized,
Order deletion is propagated everywhere,
only Suppliers can change Order statuses,
there are no duplicate implementations,
there are no TypeScript errors,
there are no runtime errors,
there are no broken routes,
realtime synchronization works correctly.

If everything from the original specification is already implemented correctly, do not make unnecessary changes. Otherwise, complete only the remaining missing work until the feature is fully finished.